The Jerusalem channel is made with the support of you, our viewers.
Thank you for watching.
With many Muslims responding to the call of global jihad, it's a clash of civilizations with Jews and Christians often on the front lines.
Throughout the nearly 1,400-year history of Islam, Muslims have largely resisted the gospel.
But many Christians, such as St. Francis of Assisi's, have tried to reach Muslims with good news with very little success.
However, it's a new day, and according to many reports, history has been changing suddenly and exponentially.
While all eyes are on Iran, I can report that thousands of Iranian Muslims have been encountering Jesus in dreams.
A christian dark.
If you're like me, you've been very impressed by the courage of the Iranian people.
How they've been standing tall against the darkness, risking their lives for freedom and a better future.
The Iranians have been showing the world what it actually looks like to fight for what's right.
The world is learning what real bravery looks like against a brutal regime.
The secret to freedom is courage.
Many Farsi-speaking Iranians and other Muslims around the world are turning to Yeshua, receiving Jesus as Lord and Savior.
It's been happening not only in Iran, but all over the Arab world, as well as in pockets in Europe, the USA, and Canada.
Everywhere, people are receiving Jesus because it's an end-time phenomenon predicted in the Bible.
What's happening in the Muslim world concerning Muslim background believers turning to Jesus
has never happened before in such large numbers since Islam began.
And this supernatural movement represents a cross-section of Muslims, young and old, educated, uneducated, female, male, even fanatical, jihadist.
It's a phenomenon happening largely through the divine agencies of dreams and visions as I've documented in my book, The Jesus Visions, Miracles Among Muslims.
We also live in a day and age when satellite TV and the internet have penetrated the Islamic world like never before.
The Holy Spirit has been invading borders through the visionary realm and has been revealing the gospel, particularly the last 24 hours of the Lord's life, how he died on the cross, which Islam does not teach, and how he was raised from the dead, which also Islam doesn't teach.
Muslims who receive Jesus, not just as a prophet, but as Lord, face persecution, discrimination, or even death.
Despite the dangers many new believers continue to live out their faith and lead others to the Messiah.
Due to the Muslim people's openness to the gospel, there are days of unparalleled opportunity through prayer and evangelism that we must take advantage of.
And I'm speaking from personal experiences
including my own divine dream several decades ago, in which God instructed me to go to a city on the Arabian Peninsula amid a Holy Spirit revival.
And in that city, I compiled testimonies of dreams, visions, and miracles that have led many Muslims to faith in Jesus, including a whole classroom of Muslim boys who were fasting for the first time during the Muslim month of Ramadan.
During that period in a classroom, Jesus appeared to all of them simultaneously, and he was carrying a large holy Bible.
In fact, Jesus is actively revealing himself to Muslims and regions where traditional evangelism has been restricted.
In the Hebrew Bible, Joel 2, verses 28 to 29, is coming to pass, where God promised to pour out His Spirit on all people in the last days, resulting in many dreams and visions.
We should greatly rejoice because despite Islamic terrorism, the outpouring of dreams and visions is a blessed end-time phenomenon where Jesus appears in dreams to convey New Testament truths that Islam either muddies or denies.
These dreams and visions often portray Jesus as a figure dressed in white and a man of peace and love, contrasting with Islamic Jihadism.
Some estimates have suggested that over 25% of Muslim background believers in Jesus have slighted supernatural encounters as being instrumental in their conversions.
Through the years, I've collected specific testimonies of individuals who have received visual or audio messages from Jesus, urging them to live for him rather than die in extremism.
These signs and wonders are happening in dry spiritual places as a precursor to his
Second coming.
It's so important for believers to pray for these divine interventions, to continue as we intercede for militants and for women trapped behind the veils.
We must wisely view dreams and visions in the Muslim world as God's strategy to penetrate closed societies through direct revelations and the media.
These phenomena are evidence of God's active pursuit of the Islamic world
and his promise to bless Abraham's son Ishmael.
The late Muslim background believer in Nabil Kuesi became an effective Christian apologist, but he died tragically of cancer in 2017.
We must protect these converts with much prayer.
Nabil was raised in a devout family that had immigrated to the United States from Pakistan.
And after engaging in years of debates with Christian apologist David Wood,
Nabil experienced three vivid supernatural dreams that play the pivotal role to confirm his growing conviction of the truth of Christianity.
Nabil's transformation was chronicled in his best-selling book, Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus in New York Times bestseller with over a half a million copies sold.
Now, according to a report recently put out by the Christian Way Center, many supernatural miracles have been happening in Iran,
Thousands of Muslims have been experiencing dreams about Jesus.
Iran is currently one of the most dangerous places in the world to be a Christian.
You see, owning a Bible, particularly in the Persian Farsi language, is a crime under the Islamic regime.
An apostasy that means abandoning Islam is punishable by death.
Since the 1979 Revolution, the possession of Bibles has been generally treated as evidence of a crime against national security, or propaganda against the regime.
Owning, printing, importing, or distributing Bibles in the Persian Farsi language is illegal.
While historic, non-Farsi-speaking Christian minorities, such as Armenians or Assyrians, are sometimes allowed to possess Bibles in their own languages,
converts from Islam to Christianity are forbidden from having any Bible.
Possession of Bibles is used as evidence to arrest Christians, particularly those in house churches, leading to long prison sentences.
In fact, in 2024, an Armenian tourist was sentenced to 10 years for possessing new testaments.
Authorities frequently raid house churches and homes, seizing Bibles and other Christian literature as contraband.
Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, the regime has done everything in its power to eradicate Christianity.
Yet, by the grace of God, the exact opposite has been happening.
Defying all human and political logic, Iran is home to the fastest growing Christian church in the world today.
According to data from Operation World and Open Doors, believers have grown from fewer than 500 in 1979 to over 1 million today.
How is such growth possible in a country with no missionaries, no public evangelism, and no freedom of speech?
Who is preaching the gospel if men's mouths have been shut?
According to the article published by the Christian Way Center, the answer is supernatural and it's documented.
Jesus is appearing in dreams and visions in Iran.
While the religious police monitor the streets, God easily bypasses them
and is visiting people in the one place no regime can surveil in the people's sleep.
Thousands of Muslims are switching to Christianity, not because of sermons or tracks, but after dreaming of a mysterious man in white.
The article analyzed the evidence, authoritative sources, and true stories of this nocturnal awakening that's changing the history of the Middle East.
The stats show this phenomenon can't be rationally explained
The international organization, Open Doors, which has monitored Christian persecution worldwide for over 60 years, confirmed in its annual World Watch List reports that the growth of the underground church in Iran is explosive.
And I want to repeat that in 1979, the year of the Islamic Revolution, there were fewer than 500 Muslim background Christians in the entire country.
Today, the most conservative estimates speak up
800,000 believers, while other sources suggest the number has surpassed 1 million.
So we're talking about an annual growth rate close to 20%.
It's a spiritual fire spreading beneath the ashes of oppression.
The spark of this national spiritual revolution is the Lord Jesus himself.
The man in white in Iranian's dreams knows well how to surpass government censorship.
A massive study on this topic was conducted by a missiologist David Garrison in his book, A Wind in the House of Islam.
Garrison embarked on a research journey during which he interviewed over 1,000 former Muslims who converted to Christianity all across the Islamic world.
When Garrison asked what convinced you to follow Jesus, he expected answers related to reading books, theological arguments, or the influence of Western friends
Instead, a shockingly high percentage of those he interviewed answered with a simple explanation that I myself had already discovered a couple of decades ago when God sent me to the Arabian Peninsula.
Dreams and visions are the key.
When asked why they followed Jesus, many simply stated, I had a dream about him.
So there you have it.
Data collected by Garrison and other researchers such as myself
confirms that thousands of Muslims are seeing Jesus in dreams.
This is a sovereign move of God.
And often these dreams and visions are corporate, happening simultaneously, not just to individuals, but to groups of people.
They may live in various countries and cities and have no direct contact with churches, but they're reporting the same experiences.
They see a man whose face shines like the sun.
He wears a bright white robe.
and he speaks to them to show them the way.
Sometimes he walks on water in their dreams.
Sometimes he points to his cross.
Sometimes he quotes scriptures such as John 14, 6, saying, I am the way, the truth, and the life.
Sometimes he gets practical instructions to go to a certain locale to find a person who will give them a Bible or further instructions.
All of these examples are documented through many examples in my own book,
which currently is out of print, but used copies are available at Amazon.
And the good news is that my book, The Jesus Visions, Miracle Amongs Muslims, is available, thankfully, as an e-book at Amazon's Kindle.
It's received a five-store rating.
Meanwhile, the founder of Iran-alive ministries is a former Muslim who joyfully serves as a pastor today.
He has publicly stated that virtually every Iranian believer he's met
has come to faith in the Lord through a supernatural dream or vision.
This highlights the powerful and miraculous ways God is moving among Iranians, drawing many to Him through extraordinary encounters.
God has decided to bypass human censorship.
If the religious police block the streets, Jesus enters the bedrooms.
To understand the emotional and spiritual magnitude of this phenomenon, statistics are not enough.
We must listen to the voices of those who have experienced this type of encounter.
I myself believe in Jesus not only because of his word in the Bible, but also because he appeared to me when I was a young child sick with rheumatic fever and he healed me.
Then there's the example of a young Iranian mother Miriam whose life had become unbearable.
She was oppressed by a violent abuse of husband.
So Miriam was contemplating suicide.
She fell asleep from weeping and exhaustion, and in her sleep, the room lit up.
Not a physical night, but a tangible supernatural presence.
Like many other Muslims, she saw Jesus, the man in white.
He didn't rebuke her or give her a list of rules.
Rather, he approached her simply saying, come to me, I love you and I'll protect you.
When she woke up, her former despair had vanished as if someone had lifted a giant boulder from her chest.
At great risk, she found a Christian who shared with her a gospel, and when she read the words of Jesus, she said, these are the words he told me in my dream.
Today, Miriam is the brave leader of an Iranian house church.
Her testimony is an example of God's mercy toward the oppressed, but persecutors are also coming to the Lord.
Like Saul of Tarsus in the New Testament, who became the Apostle Paul,
an Iranian security officer's daily job was to hunt down house churches, arrest Christians, confiscate Bibles, and make leaders disappear.
He was a hard man, convinced he was doing God's will by eliminating infidels and apostates.
One night he returned home after a raid, but he also dreamed about the man dressed in white.
And in the dream the officer tried to react as he did in real life.
He tried to draw his weapon, he tried to fight,
But he felt paralyzed by a nonviolent force.
It was pure love, love so deep, so authoritative that it crushed him to the ground onto his knees.
The man in white asked him, why do you persecute me?
Well, if you know your Bible, the dynamic was identical to what happened to the Apostle Paul on the road to Damascus in Acts, chapter nine.
The Bible you see is not a history book of the past.
It's a manual of what's still happening today.
That officer woke up sweating, trembling.
The hatred he had cultivated for years had vanished in a second, replaced by a reverential fear and a desperate need to know the risen Lord Jesus.
He sought out some Christians he had arrested in the past.
Not this time to torture them, but to ask for forgiveness and to be baptized.
This was a power conversion through a direct encounter with the risen Lord.
Marzi is a Facebook friend and a beautiful believer who became a Christian through a profound supernatural encounter with Jesus in a dream in 1999.
Growing up in Iran under the Islamic regime, Marzi was indoctrinated from childhood, but she always questioned Islam seeking ultimate truth.
A key turning point came when she experienced a powerful dream in which she encountered Jesus, leading her to embrace faith in the Messiah.
Marzia became active in sharing her faith, distributing thousands of Bibles, establishing underground house churches, and evangelizing, all of which eventually led to her arrest in 2009 alongside another sister in the faith.
Both brave women were imprisoned in Tehran's notorious Evan prison for 259 days.
They experienced all sorts of death threats
but both were released due to intense international pressure.
Recently, Marzie wrote in an article for Town Hall that she's praying for what she called Iran's demons to be exercised to free her native land to have a full spiritual revolution.
Marzie wrote that the history of Islam in Iran is relatively new compared to its long history of Persia.
Today, Iranians are demonstrating their contempt for the regime, not just by calling for the death of the Ayatollahs, but by actually burning down many mosques, leaving many empty.
According to Marzay, the Islamic identity imposed on Iranians is not natural.
Most Iranians who consider themselves Muslims are nominal Muslims, she said.
Most don't follow Islamic law, and in fact, run from it, she said, and disavow it
through their private actions."
Marzi wrote that most Iranians consider Islam to be a host of falsehoods imposing worship of a god of punishment and intolerance.
These are some of the reasons she says that Iran has the fastest growing church in the world today.
Iranians are simply tired and thirsty for truth.
Just as their water taps have been running dry as a judgment against the regime, Islam has been revealed to be dry and empty also.
Unfortunately for their safety, Christians in Iran exist largely underground.
Marzhi wrote that when Iran is finally free, some Iranians will no doubt return to their Zoroastrian roots before Islam invaded.
Perhaps the Baha'i religion, one of the most persecuted religions in Iran, will return.
But when the Islamic regime falls and Iranians can be fully exposed to Christianity, it's Marzhi's fervent belief
that Christianity will fix the ills that Iran has suffered under the Ayatollahs for nearly half a century.
Iran will be transformed and thrived, she believes.
Iran will become a land of peace, an ally of Israel, not the epicenter of Islamic terror.
Already, Persians and Jews are becoming friends again.
But one of the few prophecies not related to Israel in Jeremiah, chapter 49,
God speaks openly about Islam, one of the Bible names for Iran.
God says he will bring judgment on Islam, destroy their might, scatter them, and then establish his throne in Islam.
Since Iran's 12-day war with Israel in June of 2025, we've seen the Islamic Republic begin to crumble.
We have not only seen its military might and many of its terror proxies decimate it,
But also the corruption and mismanagement throughout Iran have now impacted all Iranians.
Water faucets are running dry.
Electricity is scarce.
Fuel prices have spiraled.
Meanwhile, why does Jesus continue to appear in dreams in Iran so frequently?
Why not use other means?
Well, there are two fundamental reasons that intertwine.
One is cultural and the other is prophetic.
First of all, the cultural reason.
In the Middle East, dreams are taken very seriously, much more so than in the West.
In Islamic and Persian culture, it's believed that dreams can be divine messages.
A territory where the soul meets the transcendent.
God in his infinite wisdom lowers himself to speak the language his children can best understand and accept.
He doesn't have to use Western methods.
He uses the heart of their culture to bring them to the truth.
A Muslim might refuse a Bible offered by a foreigner
But they would find it difficult to deny a personal vision they've had in their own minds.
Secondly, we have to consider the prophecy of the end times in the Bible itself.
In the book of the prophet Joel, chapter two, verse 28, there's a specific promise for the last days.
God says, and afterwards, I will pour out my spirit on all people.
Your sons and your daughters will prophesy.
Your old men will dream dreams.
Your young men will see visions.
What's happening in Iran is not an exotic oddity.
It's the precise fulfillment of that scripture.
When evil regimes try to block the Holy Spirit with laws, bans, walls, and violence, the Holy Spirit overflows like a flooding river, passing through prison walls and censorship barriers.
Hallelujah.
Yet these miracle stories from Iran leave people from the West with a necessary question.
After all, the West supposedly has everything.
Bibles in every bookstore it seems, churches on every corner it seems, YouTube channels, freedom of worship, freedom of speech, although freedom of speech is eroding in some places.
Yet often with all of our freedoms, Western Christianity is still lukewarm.
The West has taken the privilege of knowing Jesus for granted, whereas in Iran, thousands of people risk their lives every day.
Sometimes lose their jobs, their families, and their freedom just because they've decided to follow the man of their dreams.
They have no refined theology, no cathedrals, no Bible colleges.
They only have him.
And that's enough for them to give their lives to him.
The extraordinary phenomenon of dreams and visions of the man and white reminds us that God has never stopped moving throughout history.
Jesus is alive.
He's a real person who desires to save his sheep one by one from all the nations and from Persia too.
By the way, the New Testament confirms Persia's continued reverence.
According to the book of Acts, chapter two, verse nine, Persians, Parthians, Medies and Elomites were present in Jerusalem on the day of Pentecost.
Those were Persian Jews from what is now Iran.
devout worshippers who witnessed the outpouring of the Holy Spirit, and they carried the gospel back east.
So Iran was represented at the very birth of the church, but the most sobering references appear in end-time prophecy.
God Himself will intervene, not through diplomacy or military alliances, but through supernatural judgment.
In Ezekiel 38.5, Persia is listed as part of an end-time coalition.
that attempts to invade the nation of Israel that's been regathered from all the nations.
But the invading armies are destroyed by God himself on the mountains of Israel, not to glorify Israel's army, but to reveal God's holiness to all the nations.
In fact, in Ezekiel 38, 23, God declares, I will magnify myself and sanctify myself, and I will be known in the eyes of many nations.
Then they shall note that I am the Lord.
and not any other desert principality.
Testimonies from Iran that I've shared from real life people like Marzi show us that encounters with God are real and life-altering.
But what happens when you and I die or should the rapture suddenly take us to heaven when Jesus appears in the atmosphere to call home true believers?
We have to know the Savior now.
I received the Savior when I was a child and when He healed me.
But don't let it be too late for you.
People all around us, our families, our friends are standing on the very brink of eternity.
Our Heavenly Father doesn't want any to perish, but it's imperative that we seize every opportunity to urge family and friends to flee from the wrath to come.
So my friend, do you know that God reigns supreme over history and that the Lord Jesus is God's Messiah, the Savior?
To escape all the judgments catalogued in the book of Revelation, we must know Jesus as Lord and Savior now.
So if you've not done that, I urge you to call on His name immediately.
Believe that He's the Son of God who died for your sins and that He rose from the dead and the Bible promises you shall be saved.
There's only one man who conquered sin, death and hell forever, and that's the Savior.
Jesus, Yeshua, Amashiah, Amen.
How shall we escape if we ignore so great salvation?
Meanwhile, we'd love to hear from you on social media or through our free Jerusalem channel mobile app.
Please follow all my articles at substack.com and all our videos at our Jerusalem channel YouTube platform as well as our website exploits.tv where you have the opportunity to support our work financially.
Finally, we invite you to sign up for our weekly email alert called exploits
That's based upon Daniel 1132, declaring the people who know their God will be strong, not weak, and will accomplish biblical exploits.
The works of the Lord in the remaining time before His imminent return.
Let's keep contending through the faith and praying prophetically for the peace of Jerusalem.
I'm Christine Dark, Shalom and Baranatha.